equity,36,FOXA,947.52,Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc.,NASDAQ100
equity,12,AKAM,894.96,Akamai Technologies, Inc.,NASDAQ100
cashacc,11438.04,asdasd,12/12/1212
cashacc,32.0,sadas,12/12/1212
transaction,Add,Cash Account,asdasd
transaction,Add,Cash Account,sadas
transaction,Update,Cash Account,asdasd
transaction,Add,Equity,Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Activision Blizzard, Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Adobe Systems Incorporated
transaction,Add,Equity,Akamai Technologies, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Altera Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Amazon.com, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,American Airlines Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Amgen Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Analog Devices, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Apple Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Applied Materials, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Autodesk, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Automatic Data Processing, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Avago Technologies Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Baidu, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Biogen Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Broadcom Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,CA Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Celgene Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Cerner Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Charter Communications, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Check Point Software Technologies Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,Cisco Systems, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Citrix Systems, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Comcast Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Comcast Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Costco Wholesale Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Discovery Communications, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Discovery Communications, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,DISH Network Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Dollar Tree, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,eBay Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Electronic Arts Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Expeditors International of Washington, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Express Scripts Holding Company
transaction,Add,Equity,Facebook, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Fastenal Company
transaction,Add,Equity,Fiserv, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Garmin Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,Gilead Sciences, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Google Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Google Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Henry Schein, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Illumina, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Intel Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Intuit Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Intuitive Surgical, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,JD.com, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,KLA-Tencor Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Keurig Green Mountain, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,The Kraft Heinz Company
transaction,Add,Equity,Lam Research Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Liberty Global plc
transaction,Add,Equity,Liberty Global plc
transaction,Add,Equity,Liberty Interactive Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Liberty Global plc
transaction,Add,Equity,Liberty Media Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Liberty Media Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Liberty Interactive Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Linear Technology Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Marriott International
transaction,Add,Equity,Mattel, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Micron Technology, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Microsoft Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Mondelez International, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Monster Beverage Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Mylan N.V.
transaction,Add,Equity,NetApp, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Netflix, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,NVIDIA Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,NXP Semiconductors N.V.
transaction,Add,Equity,O&#39;Reilly Automotive, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,PACCAR Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Paychex, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,QUALCOMM Incorporated
transaction,Add,Equity,Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Ross Stores, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,SanDisk Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,SBA Communications Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Seagate Technology.
transaction,Add,Equity,Sirius XM Holdings Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Skyworks Solutions, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Staples, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Starbucks Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Stericycle, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Symantec Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Tesla Motors, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Texas Instruments Incorporated
transaction,Add,Equity,The Priceline Group Inc. 
transaction,Add,Equity,Tractor Supply Company
transaction,Add,Equity,TripAdvisor, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Verisk Analytics, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated
transaction,Add,Equity,Viacom Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,VimpelCom Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,Vodafone Group Plc
transaction,Add,Equity,Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Western Digital Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Whole Foods Market, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Wynn Resorts, Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Xilinx, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Yahoo! Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Boeing Company (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,Caterpillar, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Chevron Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Coca-Cola Company (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company
transaction,Add,Equity,Exxon Mobil Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,General Electric Company
transaction,Add,Equity,Home Depot, Inc. (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,McDonald&#39;s Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Nike, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Procter & Gamble Company (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,United Technologies Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Verizon Communications Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Visa Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Walt Disney Company (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,CoreLogic, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Globant S.A.
transaction,Add,Equity,Realogy Holdings Corp.
transaction,Add,Equity,Ciber, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Nelnet, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Provident Financial Services, Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Southwest Airlines Company
transaction,Add,Equity,American Realty Investors, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,Hill-Rom Holdings Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Royal Bank Scotland plc (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,Stifel Financial Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Controladora Vuela Compania de Aviacion, S.A.B. de C.V.
transaction,Add,Equity,Manning & Napier, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Evertec, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Lannett Co Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,E-House (China) Holdings Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Sterling Bancorp
transaction,Add,Equity,CSX Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,FCB Financial Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Five Star Quality Care, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,MagnaChip Semiconductor Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Franklin Financial Network, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated
transaction,Add,Equity,L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Rexnord Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,CACI International, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Red Hat, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Opko Health Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Solera Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Abbott Laboratories
transaction,Add,Equity,Chubb Corporation (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,On Assignment, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Bristow Group Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Exterran Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Prestige Brand Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Alere Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,SAP SE
transaction,Add,Equity,Medtronic plc
transaction,Add,Equity,KeyCorp
transaction,Add,Equity,Principal Financial Group Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Advantest Corporation (Kabushiki Kaisha Advantest) ADS
transaction,Add,Equity,Mednax, Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,JMP Group LLC
transaction,Add,Equity,Bank of America Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Ardmore Shipping Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,The Charles Schwab Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,MSA Safety Incorporporated
transaction,Add,Equity,Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,AMN Healthcare Services Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Grupo Financiero Santander Mexico S.A. B. de C.V.
transaction,Add,Equity,Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce
transaction,Add,Equity,Woori Bank
transaction,Add,Equity,Gamco Investors, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,SouFun Holdings Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Western Alliance Bancorporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Shopify Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Mallinckrodt plc
transaction,Add,Equity,Puma Biotechnology Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Prosperity Bancshares, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Hanger, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Imprivata, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Royal Bank Scotland plc (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,RLI Corp.
transaction,Add,Equity,Trupanion, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Urban Edge Properties
transaction,Add,Equity,MaxLinear, Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Grupo Aval Acciones y Valores S.A.
transaction,Add,Equity,XL Group plc
transaction,Add,Equity,American Financial Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Allergan plc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Customers Bancorp, Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Semiconductor  Manufacturing International Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Genesis Healthcare, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Sequans Communications S.A.
transaction,Add,Equity,Aegon NV
transaction,Add,Equity,Ruckus Wireless, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Lehman ABS Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Allianceberstein Holding L.P.
transaction,Add,Equity,Health Net Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,GlaxoSmithKline PLC
transaction,Add,Equity,Phoenix Companies, Inc. (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,SYNTHETIC FIXED INCOME SECURITIES INC
transaction,Add,Equity,Seaspan Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Maiden Holdings, Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,Imperva, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,China Digital TV Holding Co., Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,InterXion Holding N.V.
transaction,Add,Equity,Avolon Holdings Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Charles River Laboratories International, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Loews Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,A10 Networks, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Box Ships Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,3M Company
transaction,Add,Equity,IMS Health Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,FactSet Research Systems Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Delta Air Lines, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Rite Aid Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Anthem, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,58.com Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Greenhill & Co., Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Exar Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Aegon NV
transaction,Add,Equity,Barracuda Networks, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Boston Scientific Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Rouse Properties, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Citigroup Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,The Blackstone Group L.P.
transaction,Add,Equity,Violin Memory, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Roadrunner Transportation Systems, Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Dr. Reddy&#39;s Laboratories Ltd
transaction,Add,Equity,Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Zoetis Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Ace Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Luxoft Holding, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Navios Maritime Holdings Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Frontline Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,HubSpot, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Quest Diagnostics Incorporated
transaction,Add,Equity,Fitbit, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,HCC Insurance Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Diana Shipping inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd
transaction,Add,Equity,Benchmark Electronics, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Nimble Storage, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,John Bean Technologies Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Kindred Healthcare, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Validus Holdings, Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,Aircastle Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Pharmerica Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,LifeLock, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,HSBC Holdings plc
transaction,Add,Equity,MBIA, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,United Rentals, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,First Commonwealth Financial Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Copa Holdings, S.A.
transaction,Add,Equity,St. Jude Medical, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,AbbVie Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Demand Media Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Chemed Corp.
transaction,Add,Equity,BBX Capital Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Tableau Software, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Aon plc
transaction,Add,Equity,Torchmark Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Allstate Corporation (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,CPB Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Discover Financial Services
transaction,Add,Equity,Lexmark International, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,PROS Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,KCG Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Alaska Air Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,HSBC Holdings plc
transaction,Add,Equity,BancorpSouth, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,TransUnion
transaction,Add,Equity,ING Group, N.V.
transaction,Add,Equity,Franklin Resources, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,ABM Industries Incorporated
transaction,Add,Equity,KKR Financial Holdings LLC
transaction,Add,Equity,PPlus Trust
transaction,Add,Equity,ING Group, N.V.
transaction,Add,Equity,Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,MidSouth Bancorp
transaction,Add,Equity,NQ Mobile Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Grupo Aeroportuario Del Pacifico, S.A. de C.V.
transaction,Add,Equity,AVG Technologies N.V.
transaction,Add,Equity,HCI Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,Lloyds Banking Group Plc
transaction,Add,Equity,EPAM Systems, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Third Point Reinsurance Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,Rollins, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Youku Tudou Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Motorola Solutions, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Ally Financial Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Dover Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Box, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,American Financial Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Glaukos Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,LendingClub Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,Invitae Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,International Business Machines Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,AmerisourceBergen Corporation (Holding Co)
transaction,Add,Equity,Mobileye N.V.
transaction,Add,Equity,Lincoln National Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Sun Life Financial Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Herbalife LTD.
transaction,Add,Equity,Twitter, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Citizens, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Infoblox Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Canadian National Railway Company
transaction,Add,Equity,Everi Holdings Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,U.S. Bancorp
transaction,Add,Equity,HealthSouth Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Old Republic International Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Capital One Financial Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Aaron&#39;s,  Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Standex International Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,BB&T Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,U.S. Bancorp
transaction,Add,Equity,Synovus Financial Corp.
transaction,Add,Equity,Voya Financial, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,GoDaddy Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Employers Holdings Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Orix Corp Ads
transaction,Add,Equity,EMC Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,M&T Bank Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Stryker Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Astoria Financial Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Warrants Expiring 12/31/2021 
transaction,Add,Equity,Ellington Financial LLC
transaction,Add,Equity,Navios Maritime Partners LP
transaction,Add,Equity,Black Knight Financial Services, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Aercap Holdings N.V.
transaction,Add,Equity,Springleaf Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,CAI International, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Anthem, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Globus Medical, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,On Deck Capital, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Willis Group Holdings Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Macro Bank Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Gener8 Maritime, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Era Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Hewlett-Packard Company
transaction,Add,Equity,Global Ship Lease, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Palo Alto Networks, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Gigamon Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Markel Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Salesforce.com Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,IHS Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Credicorp Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,Synchrony Financial
transaction,Add,Equity,Heritage Insurance Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Ocwen Financial Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Natl Westminster Pfd
transaction,Add,Equity,NTT DOCOMO, Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Royal Bank Of Canada
transaction,Add,Equity,Inphi Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Freescale Semiconductor, Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,McKesson Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Aviva plc
transaction,Add,Equity,Scorpio Bulkers Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Celadon Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Workiva Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,FXCM Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Flagstar Bancorp, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,ResMed Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,PartnerRe Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,Kansas City Southern
transaction,Add,Equity,Symetra Financial Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,ING Group, N.V.
transaction,Add,Equity,Genesee & Wyoming, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Seritage Growth Properties
transaction,Add,Equity,Rosetta Stone
transaction,Add,Equity,Kennedy-Wilson Holdings Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,First American Corporation (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,Graham Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Safe Bulkers, Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Assured Guaranty Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,BGC Partners, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,McGraw Hill Financial, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Teladoc, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Morgan Stanley
transaction,Add,Equity,Deutsche Bank AG
transaction,Add,Equity,Molina Healthcare Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,SEACOR Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Stewart Information Services Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Customers Bancorp, Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,MiX Telematics Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Oracle Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Essent Group Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,PPlus Trust
transaction,Add,Equity,Ship Finance International Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Leidos Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Prudential Public Limited Company
transaction,Add,Equity,HCI Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Prudential Financial, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Veeva Systems Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Kemper Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Qihoo 360 Technology Co. Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,First Acceptance Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,STERIS Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Medley Management Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,MetLife, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Zhaopin Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Aflac Incorporated
transaction,Add,Equity,Banco De Chile
transaction,Add,Equity,Renren Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,CVENT, INC.
transaction,Add,Equity,Teekay Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Eli Lilly and Company
transaction,Add,Equity,JMP Group LLC
transaction,Add,Equity,Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Baxalta Incorporated
transaction,Add,Equity,Armada Hoffler Properties, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Getty Realty Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,The Rubicon Project, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,CBRE Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Catalent, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Banco Latinoamericano de Comercio Exterior, S.A.
transaction,Add,Equity,Smith & Nephew SNATS, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,American Express Company
transaction,Add,Equity,STMicroelectronics N.V.
transaction,Add,Equity,Scorpio Tankers Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Phoenix Companies, Inc. (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,Wuxi Pharmatech (Cayman) Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,City National Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Park Electrochemical Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Edwards Lifesciences Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Aviva plc
transaction,Add,Equity,Nokia Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Campus Crest Communities, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,General Electric Company
transaction,Add,Equity,Synthetic Fixed-Income Securities, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,Rackspace Hosting, Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,New Relic, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Citigroup Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Tenet Healthcare Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Leju Holdings Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd
transaction,Add,Equity,Aegon NV
transaction,Add,Equity,Grupo Aeroportuario del Sureste, S.A. de C.V.
transaction,Add,Equity,Bristol-Myers Squibb Company
transaction,Add,Equity,Q2 Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Netsuite Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Scorpio Bulkers Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Walter Investment Management Corp.
transaction,Add,Equity,Janus Capital Group, Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Universal American Corp.
transaction,Add,Equity,Bitauto Holdings Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Milacron Holdings Corp.
transaction,Add,Equity,Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Universal Health Services, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Con-way Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,HSBC Holdings plc
transaction,Add,Equity,Aerohive Networks, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,CDI Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Brown & Brown, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Kansas City Southern
transaction,Add,Equity,Webster Financial Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Fidelity and Guaranty Life
transaction,Add,Equity,Mizuho Financial Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Lehman ABS Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Novartis AG
transaction,Add,Equity,Ooma, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Monster Worldwide, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,ING Group, N.V.
transaction,Add,Equity,Investment Technology Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,BBVA Banco Frances S.A.
transaction,Add,Equity,Invacare Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Imation Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,OFG Bancorp
transaction,Add,Equity,Merrill Lynch Depositor, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Celestica, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Valley National Bancorp
transaction,Add,Equity,OneBeacon Insurance Group, Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,ING Group, N.V.
transaction,Add,Equity,Select Asset Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL SERVICES, INC.
transaction,Add,Equity,Blue Capital Reinsurance Holdings Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,Apollo Global Management, LLC
transaction,Add,Equity,Regional Management Corp.
transaction,Add,Equity,WellCare Health Plans, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,International Shipholding Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Marcus & Millichap, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,JMP Group LLC
transaction,Add,Equity,Kyocera Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,AllianzGI NFJ Dividend, Interest & Premium Strategy Fund
transaction,Add,Equity,FedEx Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Bank of Nova Scotia (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,DHT Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Royal Bank Scotland plc (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,MGIC Investment Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,IntraLinks Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Banc of California, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Unum Group
transaction,Add,Equity,Guangshen Railway Company Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Tennant Company
transaction,Add,Equity,Bear Stearns Depositor, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Merck & Company, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Mercury General Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Paycom Software, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,C.R. Bard, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,ChannelAdvisor Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Forestar Group Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Credit Suisse Group
transaction,Add,Equity,Government Properties Income Trust
transaction,Add,Equity,Cardinal Health, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Walker & Dunlop, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,AU Optronics Corp
transaction,Add,Equity,Hilltop Holdings Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,HDFC Bank Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Juniper Networks, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Deutsch Bk Contingent Cap Tr V
transaction,Add,Equity,Stifel Financial Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Axis Capital Holdings Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,USD Partners LP
transaction,Add,Equity,TCF Financial Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Synthetic Fixed-Income Securities, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Opower, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Lehman ABS Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,CNO Financial Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Independence Holding Company
transaction,Add,Equity,Canadian Pacific Railway Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Triple-S Management Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,CIT Group Inc (DEL)
transaction,Add,Equity,Zendesk, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Cambrex Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Wells Fargo & Company
transaction,Add,Equity,RCS CAPITAL CORPORATION
transaction,Add,Equity,First BanCorp.
transaction,Add,Equity,Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,Marin Software Incorporated
transaction,Add,Equity,United Continental Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Textainer Group Holdings Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,First Marblehead Corporation (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,Citigroup Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,United Microelectronics Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Stonegate Mortgage Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Itau Unibanco Banco Holding SA
transaction,Add,Equity,NorthStar Asset Management Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,American Financial Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Deutsche Bank AG
transaction,Add,Equity,C1 Financial, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Citizens Financial Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Gazit-Globe Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,ICICI Bank Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,ING Group, N.V.
transaction,Add,Equity,W.R. Berkley Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Horace Mann Educators Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Model N, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Cantel Medical Corp.
transaction,Add,Equity,King Digital Entertainment plc
transaction,Add,Equity,Bank of Hawaii Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,United Parcel Service, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Select Medical Holdings Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings
transaction,Add,Equity,Textura Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Intrexon Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Arlington Asset Investment Corp
transaction,Add,Equity,PrivateBancorp, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Citigroup Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Capital Senior Living Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,DaVita healthCare Partners Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,ProAssurance Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC
transaction,Add,Equity,Teleflex Incorporated
transaction,Add,Equity,Barclays PLC
transaction,Add,Equity,Bank of America Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Arlington Asset Investment Corp
transaction,Add,Equity,Novo Nordisk A/S
transaction,Add,Equity,Workday, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Progressive Corporation (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,SYNTHETIC FIXED INCOME SECURITIES INC
transaction,Add,Equity,EverBank Financial Corp.
transaction,Add,Equity,Euronav NV
transaction,Add,Equity,Computer Sciences Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,General Electric Capital Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,StarTek, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Eaton Corporation, PLC
transaction,Add,Equity,CABCO Series 2004-101 Trust
transaction,Add,Equity,Aegon NV
transaction,Add,Equity,Civitas Solutions, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,DST Systems, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Altisource Residential Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Halyard Health, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Swift Transportation Company
transaction,Add,Equity,Banco Santander Chile
transaction,Add,Equity,Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated
transaction,Add,Equity,Luxottica Group, S.p.A.
transaction,Add,Equity,Valley National Bancorp
transaction,Add,Equity,Banco Bilbao Viscaya Argentaria S.A.
transaction,Add,Equity,Oaktree Capital Group, LLC
transaction,Add,Equity,State Street Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,CVS Health Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Selective Insurance Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Legg Mason, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,China Southern Airlines Company Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Invesco Plc
transaction,Add,Equity,Green Dot Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Bank Of Montreal
transaction,Add,Equity,Radian Group Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Arista Networks, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Sparton Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Banco Santander, S.A.
transaction,Add,Equity,Seaspan Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,SYNTHETIC FIXED INCOME SECURITIES INC
transaction,Add,Equity,BanColombia S.A.
transaction,Add,Equity,J P Morgan Chase & Co
transaction,Add,Equity,Banco Santander Brasil SA
transaction,Add,Equity,Jabil Circuit, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,American International Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,China Life Insurance Company Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Raymond James Financial, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Morgan Stanley
transaction,Add,Equity,NeoPhotonics Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Kadant Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Omnicom Group Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Insperity, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Fleetmatics Group PLC
transaction,Add,Equity,Royal Bank Scotland plc (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,Preferred Plus Trust Ser QWS 2 Tr Ctf
transaction,Add,Equity,American Financial Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Haemonetics Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Ingram Micro Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Regions Financial Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Enova International, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Corporate Asset Backed Corp CABCO
transaction,Add,Equity,Deutsche Bank AG
transaction,Add,Equity,Genworth Financial Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,HCA Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Cooper Companies, Inc. (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,Quintiles Transitional Holdings Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Wipro Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Assurant, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Banco Bradesco Sa
transaction,Add,Equity,Cigna Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Associated Banc-Corp
transaction,Add,Equity,Avianca Holdings S.A.
transaction,Add,Equity,Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Millennial Media, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Lazard Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,EndoChoice Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Teradata Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Brink&#39;s Company (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,Moody&#39;s Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Castlight Health, inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,F.N.B. Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Pentair plc.
transaction,Add,Equity,PennyMac Financial Services, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,GAIN Capital Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Allied World Assurance Company Holdings, AG
transaction,Add,Equity,Evercore Partners Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,J.G. Wentworth Company (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,Primerica, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Astrazeneca PLC
transaction,Add,Equity,Johnson & Johnson
transaction,Add,Equity,Union Pacific Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Raymond James Financial, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Patriot National, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Pzena Investment Management Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Everest Re Group, Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,Mindray Medical International Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,National Bank of Greece SA
transaction,Add,Equity,Maui Land & Pineapple Company, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Corpbanca
transaction,Add,Equity,Prudential Financial, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Trina Solar Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Envision Healthcare Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Synnex Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Marriot Vacations Worldwide Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,The Travelers Companies, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,KKR Financial Holdings LLC
transaction,Add,Equity,Shinhan Financial Group Co Ltd
transaction,Add,Equity,Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
transaction,Add,Equity,Yingli Green Energy Holding Company Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Guidewire Software, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Emergent Capital, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Lehman ABS Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Nomura Holdings Inc ADR
transaction,Add,Equity,Royal Bank Scotland plc (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,Arlington Asset Investment Corp
transaction,Add,Equity,RE/MAX Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,Navigator Holdings Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,Cheetah Mobile Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Vmware, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Aegon NV
transaction,Add,Equity,China Eastern Airlines Corporation Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,Morgan Stanley
transaction,Add,Equity,Centene Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Houlihan Lokey, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Capital One Financial Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Lehman ABS Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Cohn & Steers Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Intercontinental Exchange Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Yadkin Financial Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,CHC Group Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,Danaos Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Manulife Financial Corp
transaction,Add,Equity,Aetna Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,New York Community Bancorp, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Costamare Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Maiden Holdings, Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,Terreno Realty Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Sanofi
transaction,Add,Equity,Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,Infosys Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Select Asset Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,SunTrust Banks, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Enzo Biochem, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Fortress Investment Group LLC
transaction,Add,Equity,Brookfield Property Partners L.P.
transaction,Add,Equity,Great Western Bancorp, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Genesee & Wyoming, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Lehman ABS Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Kennedy-Wilson Holdings Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Banc of California, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Xactly Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Fidelity National Financial, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Korn/Ferry International
transaction,Add,Equity,DAQO New Energy Corp.
transaction,Add,Equity,Fidelity National Financial, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Diplomat Pharmacy, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,3D Systems Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,J P Morgan Chase & Co
transaction,Add,Equity,Ares Management L.P.
transaction,Add,Equity,Team Health Holdings, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Gol Linhas Aereas Inteligentes S.A.
transaction,Add,Equity,Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Alleghany Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Lehman ABS Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,InvenSense, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Amber Road, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Autohome Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,TAL International Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Scorpio Tankers Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,ServiceNow, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,Equifax, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Comerica Incorporated
transaction,Add,Equity,Pfizer, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Prudential Financial, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Kemper Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Harte-Hanks, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Ringcentral, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Shutterstock, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Banco Bradesco Sa
transaction,Add,Equity,Tyler Technologies, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,BlackRock, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Federated Investors, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,ExamWorks Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Affiliated Managers Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,OM Asset Management plc
transaction,Add,Equity,Scorpio Tankers Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,TrueBlue, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Noah Holdings Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Kingsway Financial Services, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Nevro Corp.
transaction,Add,Equity,Bank of America Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Brookdale Senior Living Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Dupont Fabros Technology, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,BankUnited, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Dorian LPG Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,Bank Of New York Mellon Corporation (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,Silver Spring Networks, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,SCIENCE APPLICATIONS INTERNATIONAL CORPORATION
transaction,Add,Equity,Robert Half International Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Diana Shipping inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,Air Lease Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Neff Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,National Bank Holdings Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,KKR & Co. L.P.
transaction,Add,Equity,LATAM Airlines Group S.A.
transaction,Add,Equity,Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Owens & Minor, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,OFG Bancorp
transaction,Add,Equity,First Horizon National Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Community Bank System, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Toronto Dominion Bank (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,LinkedIn Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Ladder Capital Corp
transaction,Add,Equity,Quantum Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,ManpowerGroup
transaction,Add,Equity,Morgan Stanley
transaction,Add,Equity,Prudential Financial, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,China Cord Blood Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,UNIVERSAL INSURANCE HOLDINGS INC
transaction,Add,Equity,Solarwinds, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Perrigo Company
transaction,Add,Equity,PHH Corp
transaction,Add,Equity,Eaton Vance Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Becton, Dickinson and Company
transaction,Add,Equity,AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Curtiss-Wright Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Knight Transportation, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Community Health Systems, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,JinkoSolar Holding Company Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,Aflac Incorporated
transaction,Add,Equity,CNA Financial Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Morgan Stanley
transaction,Add,Equity,StanCorp Financial Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated
transaction,Add,Equity,CryoLife, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Nordic American Offshore Ltd
transaction,Add,Equity,J P Morgan Chase & Co
transaction,Add,Equity,RealD Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Emergent Biosolutions, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Concord Medical Services Holdings Limited
transaction,Add,Equity,CABCO Series 2004-101 Trust
transaction,Add,Equity,SunEdison, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Norfolk Souther Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Zions Bancorporation
transaction,Add,Equity,CTS Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,China Nepstar Chain Drugstore Ltd
transaction,Add,Equity,Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Fresenius Medical Care Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Adeptus Health Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Tejon Ranch Co
transaction,Add,Equity,Moelis & Company
transaction,Add,Equity,American Equity Investment Life Holding Company
transaction,Add,Equity,Illinois Tool Works Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Safeguard Scientifics, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,FBL Financial Group, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,MS Structured Asset Corp Saturns GE Cap Corp Series 2002-14
transaction,Add,Equity,Westpac Banking Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Baxter International Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Convergys Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,Ellie Mae, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Actuant Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Tremor Video, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Dolby Laboratories
transaction,Add,Equity,YuMe, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Renesola Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,Westwood Holdings Group Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,DEMANDWARE, INC.
transaction,Add,Equity,RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,KB Financial Group Inc
transaction,Add,Equity,Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,Humana Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Unisys Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,UnitedHealth Group Incorporated
transaction,Add,Equity,General Electric Capital Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,Maiden Holdings, Ltd.
transaction,Add,Equity,Navios Maritime Acquisition Corporation
transaction,Add,Equity,UBS AG
transaction,Add,Equity,Piper Jaffray Companies
transaction,Add,Equity,Royal Bank Scotland plc (The)
transaction,Add,Equity,Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc.
transaction,Add Shares,Equity,Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc.
transaction,Add Shares,Equity,Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc.
transaction,Add,Equity,Akamai Technologies, Inc.
